Update README.md (#140)
WICG/shared-element-transitions: README.md

Root and Shared Element transitions enable you to create transition animations from page A to page B in both single-page applications (SPAs) and multi-page applications (MPAs). 

### Current Status

> The API is available in Chrome Canary as of M101 behind a flag at chrome://flags/#document-transition; however, currently it is only functional for same-origin SPAs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API is available in Chrome Canary as of version 101 behind a flag at chrome://flags/#document-transition; however, currently it is only functional for SPAs. 
```
